we're currently hiding in our minivan in
a parking lot of a wedding and we're
about to crash it
so hopefully how are you supposed to get
this camera inside yeah the geographer
is always known to everyone it's gonna
be hard practice I'm friends with Uncle
Bob the best uncle keeps telling you
know the backboard I'm the dad oh
there's no Uncle Bob around here I'm
just saying I friends with Kevin I think
Kevin is a great name like Oh Kevin is
friends with you right so just like a
baby
I hate Kevin present Kevin yeah you know
how about your friends with a t-shirt I
examine for the sheriff but in enter
aunt Andrea what's new bride Megan it's
Megan Kevin's with Kevin give me that
Kelly does it Kevin you got to practice
this we got to know got hours down
because I'm the assistant videographer
yeah there's the cameraman he loves to
dress extremely well to weddings because
I'm looking at the most common life
rings in the u.s. you got to find the
name of someone that we pretends of you
there
I'm gonna go for Kevin Taylor then
there's actually Kevin Taylor there
I want to get that man a drink we are
currently trying out the first wrench
Haley there are tons of weddings at this
place we've no idea if there's one going
on today
there's very many other nice we had
heard about this place for literally two
seconds from a friend not having any
idea if there's gonna be a wedding and
there are three freaking weddings today
and they're all happening right here we
just got a part far away all right
what's the game plan I think two people
should go like first to scout walk
around with the camera or with the GoPro
you get an idea there your ponytails a
little crazy let's cut it now you're
gonna good there I don't know this is
just hi boys but we will overdressed
anyone's overdressed me we all line
right now are like very close family and
friends that I here to get ready and
prep the bride and all these things and
I think the wedding starts until way
later I think people think I'm in group
like that I'm getting married again was
just a good luck tonight I mean I'll
take it any man in are you feelin good
any man tonight my wife is looking
beautiful your name is Darren Oh dinners
gonna be possible the party after that
so to a waiter and be like just like I
came from out of town not only I didn't
get us good while ago area this wedding
like it
you know hello beautiful is beautiful so
name that's incredible I'm a little lost
is there a pen fit for all the different
time if you're like a scheduling
pamphlet for the piston time
okay okay thank you so much
no problem thank you yes asking I have
people working so I should ask the
wedding planner she knows everything it
will call me out like if I miss daddy
devil so they she had become figure it
out walked away on us looking really
sketch I have no idea all the weddings
here looking really small I don't think
there's any way refreshing anything
today but proven are so strong before
let's give it a shot because you have
never really made a wedding here so I
don't know how no so it's hardened out
because two people are here it's only
family and best friends I think if we
wait a little bit as people get drunker
and then two twice yeah it's so so come
by are about to walk up to people that
are better get married and ask them if
you possibly joyed there whether we're
going to be straight up or gonna say
listen just move to California we've
always wanted to attend a wedding is
there any chance that we get a 10 years
and your reception and we won't bother
you we promise
Matt is talking to the bride looks good
try
I thought weird knowing would seem like
not charity like even when I walked up
she's already so nervous
how they tried to smile and be like yeah
we just tried one the other one is a
full Asian wedding so we're not going to
fit in there we have one last shot right
now we're going to be very cautious has
only got one shot what to say one shot
one opportunity I wouldn't do it I have
no idea
[Music]
[Applause]
make sure people are a little drunk
before we get there and will show up and
we'll make this the best end party of
all time come hard to get up say what
you always come up with something you
did the specialty bus like who are your
32 and what am I saying
yeah about what about what they could be
instead about anybody who's like I love
going on adventures with you I love what
you're making them I know that's Mouse
like to see yeah okay oh you're nuts
what things you original I don't give
you a vote okay so you're going to walk
in Spurs then yeah walk in find a good
position where you can capture I'm not
going to walk in number two Darren [ __ ]
attentive surfer Mac defendless says
with Kevin given system go ball
Jeremy's bomb first thing anyone should
doing when you go into what if you drink
if you look like you ready yeah in the
grab drinks don't reduce yourself to
someone there
[Music]
you're going to go on the dance floor
now bring them what do you think of the
reception definitely would you come out
for dorks
it was my kid countless Oh way back you
say that somehow to a martini shaken not
stirred
there we go is going there I guess
they're couple drinks you'll be ready
[Music]
I'm not Masucci way back yeah yeah it's
in Northridge where you come out from
secret no no one says it I was a camp
out there look I am feelin so hot in
summer camp hold the word at all I can't
prove I can hamper in high school and I
was making up counselors - elitism
that's why I'm sitting on the other
forcibly
yeah so here's why as I said here my
pivot over there soren trip was it empty
the whole time oh then what's your
another not listed you
that's neat you meet you
dudes actually my camp counselor back in
the lick good might be on day oh cool
congratulations people yeah way back
though Allah I said super random just
like staying in touch for so long but I
live in LA so return your back dude yeah
are you guys come around here or Scotty
right tomorrow's another one
[Applause]
you actually what he thought I said that
yeah like you some advices of being give
me your email because not many people do
video and you're good at like not being
interested in everything so I might find
your jobs
[Music]
Thomas and Matt where are they recalling
you that yeah he just leads them did
they call you know obviously next to the
groom's cousin and she was asking me
like she's asked me who do you know your
and I said oh I'm friends with the groom
which is like Hello we're cousins group
the group yeah how'd you know I was like
Beatrice friend in school do you ask me
where your friends were and I was I have
no idea where they went but I think
they're taking phone calls because we do
work overseas so it's like the only time
where like the time difference is the
line - yo what are you guys like you
can't just leave like that
[Music]
no not at all not alone I'm being
singled out if you're in a group it's
way harder to say like no one is going
to be just coming up to use like oh so
how do you how do you all know the group
but now that just happened it's all
sitting with on table are cousins with
them I was way better off comics you sat
down for two minutes anyway anyhow let's
just let's reconvene and see where what
the next step is just come back now the
fact that you disappeared is now there
they are questioning because they were
asking me how do you know how do you
know Diaz stuff I'm like I said like
meet your friend from school and and
they literally asked me there and was
there like where were your friends they
just disappeared half an hour ago
and yeah just come back and let's see
what the next step is in the car rule
number one never leave a fellow crasher
behind what happened to be the dad comes
up trying the bad soul so we do and I'm
like I'm amateur videographer with their
permission I was like shoot here he's
like yeah of course and then he brings
the wedding planner and then the wedding
planners idea here's my card
[Music]
nusers run away from the battlefield
Union local in about we came out here we
were going to go back in he was on the
phone I could looked at you with a
calling for face we're coming out if
we've gone back in he was always good it
was me no away right now you should both
go off to the driver it's like a fifth
position would be that we were just
around having been over here yeah we'd
love to party condoms do we tell we're
ready dressed and we just want to love
party tonight because it's good thank
you sir there's heavy measures depending
on your not having uncle and there's a
lot uh yeah those little gives very okay
advance without we're going to head out
we have nothing to lose how's the dinner
we're gone for five hours
good so you guys going to break it down
then for what you're going to go on the
dance floor
good good yeah I guess for a couple days
you'll be ready
[Music]
I just referred like all different
countries means we're different sort of
all over the world people shushing
triggering of tomorrow
now you be first and then Matthew does
he like the molested by a mere sake
alleged you know vehicle
I'm listenin anybody add the phylum /
worse is like not totally misleading
it's so funny like there is specifically
the labels are you good the weird is
crazy crazy requests yeah it's an insane
but we were just eating dinner over here
and we saw this money going down and
he's still fun and we just want to be a
part of it and I don't know like I just
go okay yeah no I like it
I got you take you get the feather their
faculty here the whole thing
oh yeah thank you the dude even want to
offer me a job
it's so bitter about chocolate I'm happy
to get husband
I'm never quite honest well no you were
so nervous
I felt so intrusive yeah yeah we should
ask for the permission right away
yeah play was impossible like you can go
up to them in the middle of her talking
her uncle and be like hey this is gonna
sound crazy but is it cool to crash your
wedding was my counselor no I said Mike
came cancer so how do you know these are
the guys I was like oh like let them
like a two years ago I introduced them
to oh I just I wonder what they're
thinking right now
Oh like the first thing next it's like
you guys are the biggest cameras how to
become con artists now this tale is
going right now professional economist
that side of this is that Darren got a
job Congrats there thank you no but we
actually got to do this again and it's
going to be just going to be legit
there's going to be more respectable
next time and just more fun like the
vibes to be better than what about next
wedding we go as best men and bridesmaid
- what
all right hold on we've got an important
follow-up to this episode see the yes
Deary way of doing things is never to
cause any trouble or mayhem we sneak in
to have a good time and give other
people a good time and this time we feel
like we're fully leave satisfied and we
infelicitous we usually do so if you're
watching this in R at the wedding review
or the actual bride and groom we want to
offer you guys a gift we actually had a
wedding gift in a car that we're never
able to give you but this time we want
to offer you an experience we want to
cross off one of the biggest bucket list
items on your list if it is within our
reach and just offer you guys an epic
experience something that we kind of
specialize in and we'd love to give back
to you in that way and so reach out to
us send us an email I don't know if this
video will ever let in your hands but if
it does I think this would be the
funniest most epic follow-up video we've
ever made again we apologize if we
caused any trouble obviously it was not
our intention should have asked before
going in and luckily we learned from
that and succeeded in part two which is
in Vegas coming out this Sunday
[Music]